The contains the
It is the west exit that showed the house pitching
Some flowers are put on such pine play
Left child's skin five 0
It is really it because is a month just Ne I'm was faster from the husband I going to be from Daan
It is a place though
After that, this equipped hit ball aiming version is still more
Well, depending on the flow of that ball, oh
I guess do not could become even nasty deployment
It is the third floor
Damn from together
I thought that I entered tight straight, but after 3 times, do you have many balls of change?
I want you from Ota that is back in 3 times in 4 times
Only Tomohiro Sato is a Hirose relationship
The card is hungry
You will get in runs throwing Otake than three times that had been hospitalized
I'm a monster
Hmm
17 strikeouts
Center for the good side
It has been done
It is public
In and it took a strikeout ball that sank in course
Australia switched on here after taking 2 out
If you get no
Under this love
What was good re j
Ah ah ah ah
You've shown me that you can use it , but that person is steady
I will go in the chestnut
there
I'm taking a while
You will have those who do not
I was in the middle of the city where I was also suppressed to three people retirement
Six has been replaced on the back pitcher second fastest of the spread 1 out-first base second base chance Ha'
This is a shot of Kuriyama
There was not
Seven times
Then God of the third place
The top batter soon got February 8th, but then three consecutive
Also of the
It feels like you've raised your rating, right?
I'm rolling it up
Anta in took a 2-out
After that, I hit 2 bases at the same time.
Pending in the wish to Museum
Because there is change, it is strikeout
It is a beautiful man and it is a remnant
9 is times
1 does not fly clothing floated
hers can do this batting flower properly
teacher door
But for the derrick was to Outside
I stopped myself and now I have 3 outs
The match ends with 0 to 0